Does the post discuss issues that arise within a family, like divorce, adoption, name change, guardianship, domestic violence, child custody, and other issues?

Post: Some background information: So my mother and father are currently going through a divorce. I'm legally an adult (18+) while my younger brother is a minor (Under 18). My father recently moved out of the house because of this divorce and is currently living in Chicago. My mother, who had been previously diagnosed with a personality disorder, left the house for 3 days without a word to me or my brother on when or whether she would be coming back or not. During day 2, we broke down the door to the house's office room in order to get more information or maybe a hint on her whereabouts. The actual act of kicking down the door was committed by my younger brother but I witnessed it and did not try to stop him. She is now trying to take me to court for "convincing" my brother to kick down the door. I don't think she has any legal standing as the house is under my dad's name and he pays for all the bills because my mother has been unemployed for years now. My dad understands my side of the story and doesn't care for the damage done. Can she really do anything or is she just trying to scare me and play mind games? I am now living with my dad in the city during summer break from college to get out of the house but my brother is stuck with her because he's still got a year left of high school back home.  Some other stuff she has done to me I think I can use against her to file a "counterclaim" (don't know if I'm using that word right) or just in general is: 1) Logged into my newly opened bank account (which was only suppose to be under my name) and taken $5,000 from my savings and tried transferring it into her personal bank account. I, foolishly, used an old username and password from a previous joint account with her when I was a minor to open the new one. She used that previous information to log into my new account and tried to steal my money. I called the bank and reversed it but I would still consider that some form of identity theft, right? 2) She has been constantly berating and belittling me over text message (calling me names, using every swear in the book, threatening me, etc.) for a little under a month now. I don't want to block her as I think I can use this as evidence as some form of abuse, correct? Yes, I find it very disturbing and am deeply saddened that my own mother thinks I'm worthless simply because I refuse to take sides in the divorce.   More info on her mental issues: She has obviously had this Personality Disorder for a while now and during my childhood would constantly go through bouts of yelling at me and my brother and acting like a normal mother. She use to see a therapist but I'm not sure how often she attends appointments now. I think the stress of the divorce accelerated/intensified this disorder as the abusive text messages have gotten more frequent. I've even come home one night (in the old house) to see dozens of holes in the wall across different rooms of the house which was very creepy to say the least.  Thank you in advance for all the help.
Label: Yes

Post: My wife and her ex husband have joint custody, after a fight broke out between her ex and his father while the children were in his company, and witnessed the event she filed a restraining order (for the children) and was granted emergency full custody.   We then filed for a custody modification. However all legal council on both sides have been dragging their feet endlessly causing the restraining order to expire before we even get to go to court. Now the children are being forced to resume the previous custody arrangements the existed before the incident.  My question however is a little confusing. Since her ex (the children's father) had a restraining order his lawyers had him sign control over the case to his parents. (Who are narcissistic) This whole time we haven't been going up against the grandparent, not the father.   Now that the restraining order has expired, is their a motion we can place to have them remover from the case?
Label: Yes

Post: After a traumatizing roommate experience, and a long search for affordable housing, I signed a lease of one year on a lockout type apartment underneath someone's vacation home. (I'm on the coast of North Carolina). They are a conservative, religious elderly couple who go to bed at 8 pm. I knew from the start we would have some personality clashes, and I only took the place because I was desperate and I was under the impression they would not be there full time.    They were hesitant to rent to me because I'm a bartender; I work long hours and come home late. Additionally, I am severely mentally ill and I have a cat, who is an emotional support animal which I have the necessary documents for, signed by my psychiatrist. I am well aware that private renters don't have to accommodate non-life saving assistance animals, and I signed the lease just so happy someone would rent to me. They added to the lease that they could kick me out at any time with 30 days notice if they decided my cat was "a nuisance". This, coupled with the fact that the man had the audacity to ask me WHY I have PTSD, were red flags, but for lack of other options, I signed anyway.   Well this past week, I've been dealing with the death of a friend and co-worker who was shot and killed last Saturday. Cleaning has been on the back burner, and I've had trouble keeping a clean living space my whole life anyway, as a result of my depression. I know it's not a good excuse but it is what it is. This is not to say I live in filth; my clothes are all over the floor and sometimes there's a few empty pizza boxes lying around, but the litter box is scooped twice a week and dumped/replaced every 2 weeks.   Well, literally as I'm walking up to my door coming home from the funeral, my landlord informs me that it's not working out, claiming that he can smell the litter box from upstairs. Funny, since I dumped and changed out the litter that morning. Furthermore, if it had been an issue, I would think most reasonable adults would want to have a conversation before evicting someone with very few options from their home. I asked if the deposit I paid upon moving in, equal to the amount of my rent, would cover the 30 days. He said no, reread the lease, it's a security deposit and not the last months rent. Well since he waited until the 27th of the month to inform me that I needed to move out, and I obviously can't afford to pay for another month if I have to find a new place, I have 3 days to get out. That's not really a problem, I can stay with my boyfriend and I don't want to live under these people anymore anyway. Additionally, I went back last night to retrieve my birth control pills I had forgotten there before I moved my things out today. When I first left the apartment I know for a FACT I locked the doorknob and not the deadbolt. When I returned to get the medication, the deadbolt was locked. Indicating that my landlord had been in without permission or notification and I have no way of knowing he didn't dig through my stuff. I'm very upset about this, and how poorly he has handled all of it. I understand completely that the whole house is his property, but how is it legal that he entered my apartment, which is still leased to me until the 31st, without at least notifying me?  Most of all, I'm concerned about getting my deposit back. In my lease, it is stated that the deposit is to be returned to me minus any costs for damages. The only damage to the entire place is one small lipstick stain on the bathroom wall, maybe half the size of a dime. I've removed my things, cleaned top to bottom, and everything looks as it did when I signed the lease. There is absolutely no way he should get to keep my entire $500 deposit over a tiny lipstick stain. If he tries to do this, is there anything I can do? They aren't customers at my restaurant, we have no mutual friends, and I have no personal ties to them whatsoever. I have no qualms about taking him to court if that's what it comes to. Even if I don't get the whole deposit back because of the stain. He has no reason not to give me at least part of it and I'm not sure what to do.
Label: No

Post: Colorado  We notified them months ahead of time of our intention to leave, in accordance with the lease.  The original lease was up earlier last month and I had moved out before that date.  My roommate, however, didn't plan ahead so he extended it by a month then packed up and left a few weeks ago.  He's no longer in the state.  The rental company left me a voicemail claiming I never officially moved out and need to pay his bill.  I never signed anything to extended the lease nor spoke with the company since I notified them I was moving out 4 months ago.  I cleaned my half of the apartment before leaving and haven't been back since. There's a good chance his half is trashed.  How fucked am I?
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: