Does the post discuss issues that arise within a family, like divorce, adoption, name change, guardianship, domestic violence, child custody, and other issues?

Post: My father over the past couple years (parents divorced 4 years ago) has been alright, if not hard to deal with. But lately, whenever I forget to do something he will always yell at me and harass me, calling me another lazy millennial and saying that my mom is raising me to be a pussy. At the time of the divorce, my mom was living alone and had a low wage job. She is now in a slightly higher paying job and is married, making her much more capable of sustaining a family now. She has decided to take my dad to court and he has already been served the papers with the new custody plan, but I'm just not quite sure if the change in her financial situation on top of my not wanting to live with my dad is enough, and am mostly looking for confirmation.
Label: Yes

Post: I am friends with this girl who was a 7th grader last year and was supposed to enter 8th this year. She was held back a little while ago and so all us are now freshmen and she's stuck in middle school. Her parents don't care much. They don't live in a normal neighborhood, but in a house kind of deep in the woods where you wouldn't expect to see one. She just smokes pot all day and hangs out with a bad crowd. This year she says she's doing "homeschooling" online. I know for a fact her parents haven't contacted school officials or taken any official steps to be in a online program. Her cousin (15) did the same thing a while back and hasn't gone to school of any kind the past few years. I know she wont do anything. Any way of the schools or boe finding out? I hate to see someone ruin they're lives like this. Any way I can do something?
Label: Yes

Post: I bought my house in 2008 and have not made any changes to the structures other than replacing an existing fence.  There's a shed on my property that based on town records has been there since 1983.  I was looking up my property value and noticed that the shed seems to be partially on my neighbors land. http://i.imgur.com/XqchNA4.png  I have a good relationship with my neighbors and don't want to stir anything up unnecessarily, but I also don't want any surprises when the time comes for me to sell the home or replace the shed.  Are there any actions I should be taking now or is the fact that the shed has been there for so long in my favor?
Label: No

Post: So originally two other people and i signed a lease for a year for a 2 bedroom appartment. Everyone was moving in but day one x roomate decided they were not living there. The door had accidentally become locked overnight while they were moving in and they werent able to get in the first night. I fixed the issue the following morning and made fresh keys for everyone. X roomate stated they no longer wished to stay there. I had recieved their secirity deposit and first months rent. However there is a clause stating that any roomate that leaves needs to one: give 2 months notice and two: find a suitable replacement for their vacant position. X roomate is trying to claim their bedroom isnt a legal living space and therefor doesnt need to pay rent anymore. They havnt been to the building since day one. This roomate had ample time to inspect and see the space and still signed the lease and knew what they were getting into. The room itself is a finished attic room with stairs however they might not be up to code. Any advice is incredibly appreciated. I was planning on taking them to small claims court if i have a legal right to.
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: