Does the post discuss issues that arise within a family, like divorce, adoption, name change, guardianship, domestic violence, child custody, and other issues?

Post: If a couple is married, can one person file bankruptcy on their own? I'm married but have past premarital debt. My spouse doesn't have debt or bad credit. Would it be possible for me to file bankruptcy on my debt that occurred before our marriage without him having to file with me or be effected in any way? He has a security clearance to think of and his job depends on having good credit to keep his clearance. I need to protect my husband from my debt. I have a disabled child whom l stay home and care for, so me working to pay off the massive amount of medical bills and hospital stays my childs disability racked up with me being a single mom before I got remarried and got health insurance is impossible. My credit is shot. I'd really like to start new if could. My ex-husband doesnt contribute a dime for our son and never has. I've had hell trying to get the court to enforce support beyond the order, so all the bills are on me and hurt my credit. I can't afford to take the ex back to court again, not that he'd get a job and contribute anyway. What can I do?
Label: Yes

Post: My best friends son is in Maine visiting his father. He was supposed to be returned yesterday to Tennessee. The father is ignoring the mother's phone calls, the police have been notified. They won't do anything because it's not kidnapping, it is 'restraint by another parent'. They told her to go to a lawyer in Tennessee, and Tennessee lawyers are telling her to get a lawyer in Maine. She set up a gofundme page, but it's unlikely she will raise money within a significant amount of time.  She tried Pine Tree Legal, they don't deal with family matters. She went to the court in Tennessee AND phoned Maine's court, and was told she needed a lawyer before filling out the forms, and/or told about a 30 day waiting period.  The court order states that the father only gets custody every other Saturday, Father's Day, half of Christmas and Thanksgiving.  They made a verbal agreement that the boy would be returned yesterday, but now they are in hiding. The police have gone to his address and his family's addresses.  What can she do???
Label: Yes

Post: Originally posted in r/Askreddit where I was informed that this is more serious than I thought. This is what I originally posted there:  *My son (PA resident) was issued a "Reckless Driving" ticket in Virginia this past Saturday. He was driving with 2 friends to Myrtle Beach and they were taking turns driving. He got behind the wheel just after D.C. and was driving for 10-15 minutes before he was pulled over on I-95. He claims to have been "keeping with the flow of traffic" at the time and that everyone was driving the same speed. Here is what I know:  He was clocked (Radar) doing 85 in a 70 zone. He was in the right hand lane when pulled over. Said that the ticket was for "Reckless Driving" and not just a regular Speeding Ticket  He doesn't deny that he was going that speed but was just going the flow of traffic. His biggest concern is points on his license, and increased insurance costs. He's 18. He's not trying to beat the ticket or get out of paying a fine, just trying to avoid points.  Not sure how a Virginia ticket affects a Pennsylvania driver.  Any advice is much appreciated. Thanks in advance!*  After reading [this article](http://jalopnik.com/never-speed-in-virginia-lessons-from-my-three-days-in-1613604053) that u/DaSilence posted, I'm now hoping he avoids jail time.   Any help or suggestions?
Label: No

Post: Hello, I'm posting this for a friend who's too old to probably post here and handle the situation.  He's been at the apartment for 6 months, it's actually an extremely small room that violates a few codes I'm sure but he's paying low rent so has been dealing with it.  The landlord snapped last week (we think he might be crazy) and started making outrageous demands including an immediate $500 security deposit and bump in rent to $700 or more (it keeps changing).  Obviously my friend doesn't know what to make of this and can't really afford paying $1200 in one go and given the place, it's probably not worth it.  He and I have tried looking for a new place to live but it's hard finding something for $500 (unless some people have ideas?) and under such short notice as well.  My question is, doesn't the landlord need to provide at least 30 days written notice even despite there not being a lease?  Ideally he could stay there for at least another month or longer so he can at least make other arrangements.    The landlord reminded him today that he needs to be out this Sunday (and also made physical threats apparently - but I wasn't there to witness it).  Thanks so much for your help!
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: