Does the post discuss issues that arise within a family, like divorce, adoption, name change, guardianship, domestic violence, child custody, and other issues?

Post: Me and my partner are planning on getting married.  We are both men, and we both work at the same company. We are closed at work and very "straight acting". While we do not work at a "Christian company", we work in an environment were one family makes up the executive branch of the business and they are very, very, religious and very, very, conservative.          To the best of my knowledge, being LGBT is still not a protected class in the state of Michigan. Michigan is also an at will state.           If we were to marry, would we need to disclose partner information to the company?  I know that we would change our tax with holdings but I'm not entirely sure what that entails. We both have health care through the company individually so I don't need to add him to my plan.              It's kind of shitty that I can't just be happy about getting married without worrying about losing my job but it is what it is.
Label: Yes

Post: I (25F) will be giving birth to a baby boy who is the offspring of my fiancé (31M) in September. Because we are not legally married yet, I have a few questions/concerns over medical legalities.   Basically, I need to know the steps to take in case of something going wrong during birth. I'm assuming, as the father of my child, he would take over the decision making process for the baby if something were to happen to me. Would he have the same medical power of attorney over me if I were to have to be put in a coma or on a life support machine? Or would MPOA go automatically to my parents? I guess my questions are  -Do I need to file some sort of paperwork in case of an emergency with my life?   -Do I need to have a will or some type of notarized paperwork giving him MPOA over our son?   -Should I just inform my parents of my wishes in case of an emergency?   -Am I overthinking ALL of this?   Any and all advice will be considered. Thank you in advance!
Label: Yes

Post: A neighbor of mine has caused a lot of major neighborhood problems. He's mostly yelled at neighbors, unprovoked (i.e., riding up to them on his bike and calling them names), trespassed after being asked not to, and actually just yesterday assaulted someone with a shovel. I don't know the situation on that last one (whether it was provoked or not, but there was a woman screaming at him that he had raped her daughter. He also happens to have a conviction for child rape. Goody.), but my husband and I got security camera footage of it sent to the cops,so we'll see what happens there.     Anyway, before yesterday's assault incident, a cop who had come out previously for a disruption hinted at, though never outright said, that the disruptive neighbor may have schizophrenia or another severe mental illness, and suggested that we as a neighborhood (not an official HOA or anything but we've all been affected by this guy) write a letter to his parents, who own the house he's in.    Are there legal guidelines for this (i.e., citing each incident we've had), or is it open to interpretation?
Label: No

Post: Housemates' friend got kicked out so they want to house them for a while. I am OK for them to live here for a little bit but I don't think this person is responsible and if I give them a time of how long they can actually stay they will stay longer.  I'm willing to let this person live at our place for up to two weeks but if they don't leave what can I possibly do to kick them out?  I am the only person that is on the lease.
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: