Does the post discuss issues that arise within a family, like divorce, adoption, name change, guardianship, domestic violence, child custody, and other issues?

Post: I am 18 years old and decided to change my name for a fresh start along with starting a new college and moving away after coming to terms with how traumatized I've been for years because I was repeatedly trafficked and exploited at 12 years old by a stranger and wasn't honest with myself, my family, or the authorities about it up until it started eating me alive once I turned 18. Luckily I'm alive and healthy. There is currently an open case against him. When I testify, will he find out my new name?   I wrote this as the reason why on my petition and the lady judge said to me, "not only am I granting this- my clerk is going to seal it"   I appreciate that. I didn't know that was going to happen. I have all my copies stating it. I'm happy because now I can start my new college under my name in 2 weeks, but how sealed is sealed? Like nobody at all can access this?   My father is actually a criminal lawyer but since he doesn't agree with this name change regardless of the reason I haven't been able to ask him for any advice and the clerks aren't really that friendly so I was in and out.
Label: Yes

Post: Is this possible?  I understood the order to read that my child's father is to pay $xx each month or it could be withheld from his pay.  Got a very angry couple of phone calls today that they are forcing him to have it held and a call to the Attorney General confirmed this.  I never asked my lawyer to put that in but what's done is done.  Is it expensive/complicated to change the order to say it won't be withheld?  The support has always been paid on time from his VA disability.  I don't see the sense in doing it through his employer.
Label: Yes

Post: I live in the state of Alabama, and we noticed yesterday around 3pm that there was a steady stream of water running down the parking lot. I immediately called the water company who was out within 30mins and he assisted me in determining that the break was on the Apartments side not the water company. So around 4pm I called the apartments emergency maintenance number and stated the issue on a voicemail machine. The "head" maintenance man came over around 4:40pm and said along the lines "that it is Friday and he can't do the work by himself and everyone was gone that it would have to wait till first thing Monday morning". The issue is we have no toilets, water for bathing, or can't even cook. My daughter has Celiac disease so all our cooking has to be done at home. We have used all our cook ware being 3 meals into the issue already, I have access to JAG but does no good being the weekend. My neighbors have already stated that if I make to many waves that I would be evicted for the smallest infraction they could find, so please if anyone has any sort of advice please help!
Label: No

Post: So long story short, I was awarded this scholarship by a university to complete a Master's programme with them. However, I ended up not getting admitted to the course, and hence would have to forfeit my scholarship.   But the scholarship department transferred the money to my bank account (due to a lack of communication between departments) but is now asking for it back.  Aside from moral dubiousness, how legal would it be for me to just block the email and keep the money to pay for a Master's programme at another university? I never signed any legal document (I think) apart from the below acceptance form but I'm not sure if it's legally binding. I'm still wrestling with the moral dilemma but I'd still like to know whether or not it would be legal. Any help would be appreciated!   Picture of form: http://imgur.com/a/vOpo4
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: