Does the post discuss issues with paying your rent or mortgage, landlord-tenant issues, housing subsidies and public housing, eviction, and other problems with your apartment, mobile home, or house?

Post: I had a 1 year lease in south Florida with a notoriously horrible rental company called Invitation Homes.  I had to extend my lease for 2 weeks (because of my job).  Anyways, I just got my "security" deposit back and they took out $645.60 for "damages," the bulk of which ($522.70) was for painting all the interior walls/trims/closets and to "sand the imperfections".  This is complete and utter BS and I even took a video as I was walking out of my apartment documenting everything.  I just wrote them an e-mail for clarification but I wanted to know what my legal options were.  Any and all help would be greatly appreciated.  And just for some backstory, I have lived in 3 places prior to here over the last 8 years (grad school, work, etc...) and I have never had any of my security deposit kept before.  Ever.  So this is really frustrating.  Thanks in advance.
Label: Yes

Post: Under our side of our duplex there's a little door that leads to the piping, heaters/boilers, machinery of both units. Under our unit, while inspecting it with the maintinence guy, my boyfriend found a large amount of black mold.  &amp;nbsp;  For one, we've already spoken to our landlord about our AC not working properly, and we're in Georgia in the summer, so this is about as pleasant as you'd expect. They sent someone out and supposedly fixed it. They did not. They then (also on the first visit)  pointed out that there's a leak in our washing machine, to which the second maintinence guy said is probably what caused the mold.  &amp;nbsp;  We took a few pictures of the mold, and I plan on sending our leasing company an email outlining these issues, as well as the fact that we've been running our AC under their assurance that it is working and it wasn't, running up our electricity bill. I will be asking them to re-reimburse us as well as either fixing this mold issue within 24 hours or that they need to house us at another property, or something to that effect, as we just got a two-month-old puppy a day before finding this out, and black mold (which is right under our bedroom) is particularly dangerous to infants. **I've even read somewhere that this may be valid grounds to break our lease without damaging our credit and even get some sort of 500-dollar civil fee from our landlord?** I don't care about the fee so much as leaving this place, because I honestly don't feel like they're going to fix this in a timely manner, and my boyfriend and I are beginning to feel signs of the mold's effects... we have no clue how long it's even been down there, but the side effects have been felt for a month or two now (chronic fatigue, chest compression/finding it hard to breathe, etc.) and my boyfriend and I are fit, and healthy, well under weights considered to be obese.  &amp;nbsp;  What can/should we do here?
Label: Yes

Post: When I was 16, I thought I was in an online 'relationship' with a 35 year old. I was in a bad place - I was lonely and sheltered. And he gave me lots of attention. I gave him naked pictures and videos to satisfy him. This went on for 3 years (met him online at 15, broke up at 18).   When we broke up, he texted me to tell me he'd released all my photos/videos. I told him I'm calling the police. He got cold feet and said he was only angry, and had done nothing. He revealed he had kids and would focus on them and leave me alone. Of course, he didn't stick to this - he continued to fuck with me, telling me I'd ruined his life etc. He was prone to obsessive anger. I became afraid, as I was just beginning my life.   I changed my name, my number and deleted all online profiles. I'm in my twenties now. I slowly came out of that shell and made a LinkedIn and Facebook. I forgot about him.  He found me again. I know it's him. He has the same patterns in typing and habit.  I got a text from a stranger (again in the middle of the night, asking me how I was. They gave a bogus name. So I said I was a Tom from another town. He apologised and left me alone.  The next night, he messages asking 'how wasn't your graduation tom?'. Which is too coincidental. I ask who it is - he replies that he knows who I really am, and tells me my actual name. He says I'm doing his head in, and God help me when he sees me. And that we will meet soon.  He doesn't respond to other messages.   Now I'm scared. I want to go to the police, but I'm afraid to set him off. He's been following me for 5 years. And I have little evidence of his grooming as I had to delete it all.  All I have are the threatening messages. And a picture of his face and dick. I don't have the pictures I sent him.  This guy has worked in law and he terrifies me. He has it in for me. I changed my name once, and went into hiding. I don't want to live in fear again. I just made something of myself...I'm just beginning my career. And I have these naked pictures hanging on a thread..  Can you please advise on what I ought to do?  **TLDR: I was groomed online at age 16-18 years old, by a man in his 30s. I do not have evidence of this, due to very intrusive parents and a will to move on. I changed my name and moved to a different city. The man was very obsessive, and has stalked me for 5 years, without my knowing. I know this as a stranger has made contact, displaying very similar patterns to the groomer. He is also very angry, and has threatened to hurt me. I am incredibly scared. I don't know what to do, as he has a huge stash of my naked pictures and videos. I am afraid he may release them if I trigger him. Please help**
Label: No

Post: Florida, if it matters.  I'm helping my Ex with a suit against his HOA. They have not done by right by him or the community that's made his living conditions miserable for the last 5 years. I'm talking toilet water flooding in from upstairs, not repairing it correctly, mold and mildew, constant construction, unprofessional management, not overseeing renovations, and many many other things that are not part of my question. :)  What's the best way for us to prepare our evidence for you? These events took place throughout the 5 years. It will consist of mostly pictures, video, and emails with a few paragraphs explaining what happened.  I looked into some of the software that companies are marketing for you. But the ones that look good cost money for a one-off use and are desktop-only, no cloud or collaboration.  I believe the best method is organized by time and event with everything associated attached. However there is a lot of it and it's easy to get it confused. My first though was to make a Google Slides presentation for each event as it would be a way to easily present the information and can be exported into multiple or a single PDF.   How does that sound? What would you like from a client? I want to make this as easy and possible for the lawyer.
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: