Does the post discuss issues with paying your rent or mortgage, landlord-tenant issues, housing subsidies and public housing, eviction, and other problems with your apartment, mobile home, or house?

Post: I signed a lease with a complex for a 4 Bedroom cottage, the complex has assigned me to move into a 3 bedroom apartment but did not notify me of this.   In the lease it says that the Owner can reassign a resident to a different Unit at any time. The lease does not define "Unit" and the complex has cottages (2 story houses), townhouses (3 stories), and apartments (one story).  If they cannot assign me to a cottage by move in will the lease be voided? I'd think not but they also don't define what a unit is and the internet is not helping. I have a signed copy of my lease that I can post with information redacted.
Label: Yes

Post: My sister (under 21) was asleep in her room when a friend of hers got in the bathtub while drunk and under the influence of anxiety medication (completely out, she was almost zombie like). The roommate fell asleep, and the bathtub flooded, and ended up sagging (maybe breaking) the floor. My sister's downstairs neighbors have a sagging roof now. She is also being evicted. Where to go from here? Does she pay for the damages? She doesn't have renter's insurance either. There is no co-signer on the apartment. The landlord is making her arrange for a contractor to come over. There is also a room mate in the picture. What should happen from here?
Label: Yes

Post: 2-3 weeks ago my neighbor's dog started coming on to my property. We live in the city and the dog used to have an electric fence, but it seems that is no longer the case. The dog is on the larger side (40-50 pounds) and very aggressive. Several times my mother has had to run for the front door while out gardening because the dog will run towards her and begin growling and trying to bite. Tonight the dog attempted to bite her and she kicked it several times until it ran away. We have told our neighbors on three separate occasions about the issue and they keep saying they'll handle it but never do. We have also called our local police department whenever we see the dog on our yard, but because it is not an emergency, it usually takes 10-20 minutes for them to arrive, by which time the dog is back in it's yard/house. The police knock on the neighbor's door, but they never answer. The officers we spoke to last said they could do nothing until there was evidence the dog hurt someone or was dangerous. My mother is beginning to fear working in our yard because of this animal. I love animals, but this dog is becoming a threat to my mother's safety, so I was wondering if it was legal to shoot it the next time it tries to hurt someone in my yard. Between the police and lack of problem solving by my neighbors, I feel like I am running out of options and it is only a matter of time before someone gets hurt by the animal. However, if shooting is illegal, what other steps can I legally take to resolve this situation?
Label: No

Post: I recently switched jobs but when I received my last paycheck none of my vacation hours were on it. I assumed, since I've always been paid for my vacation time when I leave a job, that they were supposed to pay for the vacation time I earned. After searching google I found some sites saying that I'm owed and others that says it's up to the company. Does anyone know what the laws are about these things? This happened in Arkansas if that's relevant.
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: