Does the post discuss issues with paying your rent or mortgage, landlord-tenant issues, housing subsidies and public housing, eviction, and other problems with your apartment, mobile home, or house?

Post: Northeast Ohio!!  Long time reader, first time poster!   About two years ago, our meter reader left both gates on my moms property open when he came and read the meter, and our dogs got out. We luckily got everyone back safely. After that we called, and the lady said she would put a note on our account. A few months later it happened again so we put padlocks on our gates. The next month the meter reader knocked on the door and said we needed to remove them and I told them too bad so sad and that was that. I moved away and last night my mom called me saying they had been told to remove the padlocks or the power would be turned off a few months ago, and yesterday they left the gate open again. I'm not exactly sure what we can do at this point. I told my mom to jus remove the gates and put up permanentfencing since they don't use them anyway. Or ask them to move the meter. Are they really allowed to turn the power off if they can't read the meter?
Label: Yes

Post: We believe this might be illegal, but don't know what steps to take next.  *The previous property owners for our house entered into a mineral rights lease two days after all parties signed the contract to buy/sell the property.  *They signed the final mineral rights lease a 1-2 weeks after we closed on the house (after we assumed ownership).  The company they leased the rights to (Company A) claim division orders were never sent out on the property and the profits placed in escrow from previous drilling were never paid out. They traded the lease off to another company (Company B), which I haven't contacted. That company traded the lease to another company (Company C) which I have contacted and is not being very forthcoming with information. The lady I spoke to (Company C) said my only recourse would be to roll over the previous owners (illegal) lease into my name, at the rock bottom terms that he signed on. I would be getting 12% and no signing bonus. I'm furious.  Any assistance as to getting a new lease negotiated on our terms would be appreciated, as well as any legal recourse I might have against the previous owner. Ideally I'd like it simply to be a small claims issue. This isn't concerning a lot of money, but is rather a matter of the BS the previous owner has put us through on a number of fronts, this one being the most egregious.
Label: Yes

Post: Its a long, complex and boring story so I'll just stick to the key parts.   I'm going to Cancun next week so I decided to purchase a LifeProof Nuud model.   The lady working at Target installed my case, which I thought was normal at the time, come to find out later she wasn't supposed to do that.   Anyways, I get home and then realize that the case wasn't properly tested for bubbles, or any sort of breech in the case. Also, I realize she installed the case incorrectly so that my Silence/Ringer slider was being crushed by the case.   So of course, I get sketched out, I go to Target the next day, the woman who 'helped' me the day before wasn't there but a group of employees decided to try to take the faulty case off.   Some how, they use too much to the point that my screen was cracked &amp; phone bent. Pretty much destroying it. (Didn't even get the case off.)  Now Target refuses to reimburse me for my iPhone, and I'm not sure what to do.   I'm not very rich at all, the phone was probably the most expensive thing I've owned in the past five years, so buying a new one isn't that simple.   Tl;dr: Target lady installed my new case improperly, other target people try to take and off and destroy it in the process. Target won't pay me for the phone.   P.S, sorry for horrible formatting/spelling. It's about 1 in the morning, and I've pretty exhausted from trying to deal with this.
Label: No

Post: Hi /r/legaladvice,  I am posting primarily on behalf of my boyfriend and his newfound daughter.  To preface the situation, my boyfriend and I have been together for almost 4 years and have lived together just about as long with full intentions of marriage someday. We have a very stable household and both have steady upper management jobs with reliable incomes.  For backstory, my boyfriend and a woman were dating in California around 2003. Right before he deployed, she became pregnant. By the time that he returned from deployment, the child had already been born. He says that he never signed a birth certificate, but the child has his last name. He cared for her for 2-3 years after birth as if she was his own. When she was 3, he was PCS'd to Georgia and the mother then denied that he was the father entirely, that she had been with other people, etc. It was messy, but there were no legal proceedings then. He took her word for it and moved to Georgia, while the mother and child remained in California.  About 2-3 weeks ago, we were served child support documents (after a few months of notices via mail). When the papers were served, my boyfriend was incredulous because the mother had explicitly said that he was not the father of the child. The child is 12 years old and the paperwork came out of nowhere, nearly a decade after their last contact.  Within days, the daughter found us on Facebook and sent friend requests to each of us, as well as several of his family members with the same last name. Looking at her profile picture, the resemblance is undeniable -- they are 100% related. He accepted her friend request and they have started a relationship via Messenger. While most of the conversations revolve around favorite snacks, animals, innocent stuff, he has uncovered the following things: (1) She does not actually live with her mother, who filed the child support paperwork, (2) She lives with a young woman (older sister or younger aunt, I can't remember) who is ~19 and has two other children of her own, (3) She is often dropped off at Grandma's in a CA/Mexican border town and is allowed to freely walk around alone despite child abduction being all too common, (4) She has a mild case of scoliosis that is not being treated, (5) She commonly eats non-nutritious food and is very thin, including as ramen and ice cream, (6) She is often sad and yelled at by family. One instance involved a woman (whom I believe was her mother visiting) who yelled "fucking" at her about 18 times in a 30 second span while on video chat with her dad. The family members with whom she is staying know that she has started talking to her father and accept this and several have encouraged it via comment on a cover photo she created with a picture of her dad, and (7) She has repeatedly asked to come to Georgia over and over and over again.  We have reached out to a GA lawyer with no reply and he has also reached out to an old military buddy in law about the child support, but we are still a little frazzled (understatement) about where to get a foothold. He has decided to petition for full custody, and I am behind him 1000%. But where do we begin? He has already agreed to pay the $1200/month child support to the mother she does not live with, and we also received a petition for health insurance yesterday.  I am assuming we would need to instead find a lawyer located where his daughter lives? How does that conceivably work when we are located 2000 miles away, court-wise? I feel like we are lightyears behind, having waited 3 weeks when she needs us.  Thank you all in advance for any insight and direction.
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: