Does the post discuss issues with paying your rent or mortgage, landlord-tenant issues, housing subsidies and public housing, eviction, and other problems with your apartment, mobile home, or house?

Post: I live in Seattle Wa.  Our current landlord has a few units but is a pretty small rentor.  She says she is evicting us to do construction on the unit.  She now is asking for more money for our already paid last month rent.  When we started living here 6 years ago the rent was 2,050.  It has gone up to 2,500.  We had a lease for the first year, but were month to month afterwards.  She is asking for the difference.  The contract seems pretty clear to me.  The rent section in the contract states 'The Lessor acknowledges reciept of xxxx as the first and last mont's rent."  There is no extra text~ [heres the part of the contract](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/186713854972002304/343217158169296896/rent_reddit.jpg)  Every rent increase has come with fair written warning, but no signiture or mention of increased deposit or last month.  I got a text a few days ago mentioning she wants the 450 dollar difference this month.  I really don't want to give her the money, and feel we already came to a written agreement about the matter.  THe information online is somewhat conflicting, and/or somewhat not local.  I have failed to get a hold of the Tennants Union durring there hours (I tried 30+ times durring hours this week, they must be so overworked).  My one lawyer friend isnt involved in anything like this and was nervous about commenting.  The fifth is tommorow (rents due) and im lost on where to turn. Can anyone illuminate me on if this kind of thing?
Label: Yes

Post: The house I am renting for college this year in Pennsylvania got a flyer on the door saying that the landlord was late on taxes he owed to the borough for the property. We notified the landlord of it and he said that he would take care of it. Today we got another posting saying that the house was going to a Sheriff's Sale in October. Someone told me that we are protected under tenant protection laws and that the new landlord would have to honor our lease, but I can't find anything on the internet to confirm that. Could anyone offer me insight to what can happen?
Label: Yes

Post: I've lived in my current apartment for about 6-7 years now, and management has changed hands a number of times. Over the last year a new company came in, and set up security cameras in all the common areas, including the building entrances and exits.  I never really had any issue with this, but now I've been handed a lease renewal to sign, and I see that there's a photography release clause in there. I can't copy &amp; paste from the source, so I'm summarizing, but if necessary I can transcribe it.  Basically it says they can use any image from any of the cameras in the building for any reason, and they don't have to notify you or compensate you.  Now, I'm sure they're not going to take a top-down photo of my fat ass staggering back through the lobby from the pub and use it in their next publicity campaign or anything, but it just seems absurdly invasive to me all the same.   Are they allowed to do this? It would be ok-(ish) if I could avoid the camera areas, but residents literally can't, they're in all the building entrances.
Label: No

Post: I have a friend who is a minor who lives in the UAE (united arab emirates) whose parents just divorced. They are all citizens of the US and not of the UAE. There may be some up-coming custody issues and what court system they would take place in would completely change the outcome. So the question is where would the decision take place? In the US where they are citizens, or in the UAE where they live most of the year?
Label: No

Post: {{text}}
Label: